Linear Search Problems
----------------------
1) Find an Element in an Array:

Given an array of integers, find the index of a given target value. If not found, return -1.

2) Find the Maximum and Minimum Elements:

Traverse the array using linear search to find the largest and smallest elements.

3) Search for the First and Last Occurrence:

Find the first and last occurrence of a target value in an array.

4) Count the Occurrences of an Element:

Count how many times a target value appears in the array.

5) Find the Missing Number:

Given an array containing numbers from 1 to n with one number missing, find the missing number.

6) Find Duplicates in an Array:

Traverse an array and find if any element is repeated.

7) Search in a Matrix:

Given a 2D matrix (not sorted), implement a linear search to find if a target value exists in the matrix.

8) Find Peak Element:

A peak element is an element that is greater than its neighbors. Perform a linear scan to find one peak in the array.


Binary Search Problems
----------------------
1) Basic Binary Search:

Implement binary search to find the index of a target value in a sorted array.

2) Find First and Last Position of a Target:

Given a sorted array, find the first and last index of a target value.

3) Find the Square Root:

Use binary search to find the square root of a number up to a certain precision.

4) Search in a Rotated Sorted Array:

A sorted array is rotated at some pivot. Search for a target value in the rotated sorted array.

5) Find the Missing Number in Sorted Array:

A sorted array contains integers in the range 1 to n with one missing. Use binary search to find the missing number.

6) Find the Peak Element:

A peak element is greater than its neighbors. Solve the problem using binary search for O(logn) time complexity.

7) Search in a Matrix:

Given a row-wise and column-wise sorted 2D matrix, use binary search to find if a target value exists.

8) Allocate Minimum Pages (Variation of Binary Search):

Given an array of book pages and k students, allocate books such that the maximum pages assigned to a student is minimized.

9) Find an Element in an Infinite Array:

You’re given an infinite sorted array. Find the index of a target value using binary search. (Hint: Use an expanding window to simulate bounds.)

10) Find the Ceiling of a Number:

Given a sorted array, find the smallest element greater than or equal to a target value.

11) Find the Floor of a Number:

Given a sorted array, find the largest element less than or equal to a target value.

12) Find the Smallest Missing Positive Integer:

Given a sorted array, find the smallest positive integer that is missing.